good to have you here boy what an
interesting story you have it really is
remarkable
where are you from originally I was born
in Kenya but I've lived in England my
whole life living your whole life you
were a principal dancer and what does
that mean what does that term mean a
principal dancer
so principal dancer when you join a
ballet company you usually start in make
the corps de ballet so you do the great
pieces and then you hopefully get the
opportunity to work your way up to the
top and then it means that I do the
principal roles in the show now are
their assistant principal dancers before
yeah like soloist what a ballet and then
soloists and then eventually get the
chance to be a principal hopefully and
you did a show last night in London yes
[Music]
[Applause]
could he face that right now like last
night I was doing on stage with a rollup
for House Covent Garden and then I went
home finished my packing had two hours
sleep and then I got in the car and got
on the plane and I'm here and you how
old are you like actually on stage
dancing during the show like the one he
did last night last night is eg about
three hours three hours you're dancing
for three hours I mean with intervals
but obviously the intervals we're not
chilling like where I'm like changing
hair makeup you know like putting on
another costume like changing my pointe
shoes yeah everything this sounds
absolutely exhausting yeah and now
you've made this transition or you've
dipped your toe I guess in in acting and
was that always your plan no I think
this came about really I heard about the
opportunity to audition and you know I
felt like I had nothing to lose like I
love my job but I thought what an
amazing opportunity and also when I was
younger I used to in my living room I
used to dance around and Victor
I used to put cats the video on the
stage musical video and I used to copy
Victoria so when I heard that I could
potentially be higher than you thought
and how many months did it take to shoot
this movie I took about six seven months
off from the world ballet when you take
that much time off do you like Kenny do
you is it bad for ballet
do you have to dance every single day to
stay in shape or whatever yes the
unfortunate thing is we train our whole
life and even if you take kind of more
than two days off you start to feel a
difference really so I would actually
get to set what I would get to the
filming studios like two hours before
the rest of the cars and I'm going to
make up and then I would do ballet class
before everyone even got to the makeup
chair so sometimes I was doing ballet
class at like 6:30 in the morning
so you're still taking classes yeah I
had to like do my training every day on
top of the filming as well I do have
like a coach there that helps you you do
it all by yourself
no I someone's come in and like you know
what man to shave so these other actors
are coming in drinking their coffee like
oh I'm exhausted and you're like yeah I
did two hours of ballet yeah and then to
the cast is you know you've got this
very high-profile cast James Corden was
here the other night
Dame Judi Dench is in the who else is in
this gas with you Jennifer Hudson uh-huh
Taylor Swift Taylor Swift yes Idris Elba
and you all took cat lessons now this is
where you learn and teaches you to be a
cat so we had a cat behavioral
specialist and that's the thing yes
that's a real job there's by the way no
reason to applaud for that not a career
I approve of but go on
so that's a lady cool Sara Dowling and
she's actually a choreographer who I
knew before and for this film she just
studied cat behavior and taught us like
every time we do a scene she you know
she'd really help us like make it
everything we did like a bit more feline
but also like we literally did cat
school like every day like it was part
of like getting into dessert so Judi
Dench was in cat school yep and they
were like no you have to be more caddy
Judy really than anyone Koff up a
hairball or anything like that see a
ball of yarn and suddenly you're running
away and then did you feel like it made
you more like a cat yeah definitely I
think yeah no seriously it like weekends
when I had time off when I was with my
friends sometimes they look at me weird
they and then they say Frankie you just
picked that up like a cat like goodbye
kind of like I don't know something
feline about the way I was doing Frankie
why are you licking my face here let me
get you a saucer of milk did you do that
like did you drink milk like that out of
there didn't the film boy Hollywood's
dumb isn't it I mean you're a bunch of
adults the highly successful people
acting like cats and some ladies like no
you're not being a cat you're not you
got to do it like this and you go oh
well she's right so then do you want to
do more acting is that the plan
definitely like I love my job and I want
to keep doing ballet as long as possible
it's you know it's a short career it
doesn't last very much tell me about
yeah I got bounced out when I turn 35
and you sing in the movie as well was
that something that you you've done
through your whole life no it's not
no I sang at school a little bit but
this was completely out of my comfort
zone so yeah I just remember doing my
first audition and being very terrified
yeah I was singing in front of like one
person oh and then obviously just had to
keep doing it with more help until I was
just singing in front of a whole room of
cast and crew and
angeloids Webber and Taylor Swift oh
really had the same in front of Andrew
Lloyd Webber
well they wrote my song oh yeah Wow
and then does taylor swift teach you the
song that she wrote well I think
probably one of the most surreal days of
my life so far with when Taylor asked to
meet me and she had written the lyrics
for Andrews music and she called me into
a room and she basically gave me a
private concert of the song for the
first time just me her in opinion and
you put the director I'm just being done
sorry
so she sang me the whole song I didn't
go to cat school I don't have manners
so she sang this song to me the whole
song just to me in a room and then was
that uncomfortable no it was really just
real at the end of it she said very very
sweetly she said to me um is that okay
like she'd written it for me is that a
right for you yeah that's okay I was
very nice of you to say that well it's
great to meet you I look forward to
seeing this movie it's called cats it
opens December 20th
Francesca Hayward everybody over at back
on Stevie Nicks
hey I'm Jimmy Kimmel give back this
holiday season in a fun way buy my new
book the serious boost I wrote it and
drew it all of my MA goes to children's
hospitals across the country or watch
another gaming video and don't help kids
it's up to you